{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Each person living in Berlin consumes approximately 150 litres of water per day. This includes personal consumption, which amounts to the 75% of the total usage, and industrial consumption, which accounts for the other 25%.\
\
Berlin\'92s drinking water doesn\'92t come from lakes, of course, but from the ground. Essentially, groundwater is replenished through rain. However, the Berlin water system can be described as a partially closed water cycle, since wastewater gets treated and partially reused to augment available groundwater. \
\
[maybe the image of the water cycle?]\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Climate change and increasing urbanisation are two pressing problems. Rain precipitation has become scarcer in the last years and ground sealing prevents water from filtering underground to replenish existing resources. Extreme events, such as violent rainfall and floods, make it difficult to properly filter wastewater. Over the next years, the Berlin\'92s water system will be increasingly put under stress, by nature and us.\
\
[Maybe comparison between measurement points in the past and now?]\
\
This visualization looks at water as a finite resource, by showing our daily consumption in comparison with the popular lakes of Berlin and Brandenburg. If we could only count on the surface water visible around Berlin, we would be very quickly confronted with the fragility and preciousness of this resource. Our water consumption plays an important role.\
}